The terrain background has two critical issues to fix:

ISSUE 1 — TERRAIN IS COVERING CONTENT
The terrain layers are appearing on top of app content 
instead of behind it. Fix the z-index stack:

Set every terrain layer div to z-index: 1
Set the main app content wrapper to z-index: 10
Set the side panel to z-index: 20  
Set the bottom navigation bar to z-index: 30

Also set the opacity of every terrain layer div to 0.25
This makes the terrain atmospheric and subtle — 
present but not competing with content.

Additionally set pointer-events: none on all 
terrain layer divs so they never intercept 
any clicks or touches meant for content above.

ISSUE 2 — TERRAIN IS MOVING WITH THE SCROLL
Remove the JavaScript scroll event listener 
that was applying translateY transforms to 
the terrain layers entirely. Delete it completely.

Instead implement true fixed terrain:

Set the terrain background container div to:
position: fixed;
top: 0;
left: 0;
width: 100%;
height: 100%;
z-index: 1;
pointer-events: none;
overflow: hidden;

This pins the entire terrain to the viewport. 
It does not move at all. Ever.

The terrain layers inside this container keep 
their existing clip-path polygon shapes and 
colors — do not change the shapes, only the 
positioning behavior.

HOW THE SCROLL EFFECT NOW WORKS:
Because the terrain is fixed to the viewport 
and the content scrolls over it at normal speed, 
the user naturally sees higher terrain zones 
(mountain peaks) when at the top of the page 
and lower terrain zones (foothills, prairie) 
as they scroll down — because the content panels 
cover the upper terrain zones as scrolling progresses, 
revealing only the lower elevation zones behind 
the content in the viewport. 

This creates the descending-through-terrain effect 
without any JavaScript movement — the content 
itself acts as the mask that reveals progressively 
lower terrain as the user scrolls down.

TERRAIN LAYER POSITIONING INSIDE THE FIXED CONTAINER:
Distribute the six terrain layers across the full 
100% height of the fixed container evenly:

Layer 1 Mountains: top: 0, height: 30%
Layer 2 High Cliffs: top: 18%, height: 25%
Layer 3 Ridgeline: top: 35%, height: 22%
Layer 4 Foothills: top: 52%, height: 20%
Layer 5 Grazing Grounds: top: 68%, height: 18%
Layer 6 Prairie/The Pen: top: 82%, height: 20%

Layers should overlap slightly at their boundaries 
so there are no gaps between terrain zones.

TIER LABELS — reposition to fixed locations:
Each label stays fixed in the viewport at its 
terrain zone position on the right edge.
Font: DM Sans 400, 8px, 
Color: rgba(255, 255, 255, 0.06)
Letter-spacing: 0.2em
Text-transform: uppercase
Position: fixed, right: 12px

Label vertical positions:
"THE SUMMIT" — top: 8%
"THE HIGH CLIFFS" — top: 24%
"THE RIDGELINE" — top: 40%
"THE FOOTHILLS" — top: 56%
"THE GRAZING GROUNDS" — top: 72%
"THE PEN" — top: 86%

LOGIN PAGE SPECIFIC:
On the login page, the terrain background should 
be visible but the login content (logo, tagline, 
login form) must sit clearly above it at z-index: 10.
The terrain opacity on the login page should be 
0.3 — slightly more visible than the dashboard 
since the login page has less content competing 
for attention and the terrain IS the visual 
statement on that page.