Add the GOATflow dashboard header banner image 
to the top of the main screen with strict 
height constraints that protect the input zone.

CRITICAL REQUIREMENT:
The Drop Into Churn Engine button must remain 
fully visible without any scrolling on screens 
as small as 375×667px (iPhone SE).
This overrides all other design decisions.
If anything must be cut to achieve this, 
cut it — but never cut the Churn Engine button.

BANNER IMPLEMENTATION:

Desktop (769px width and above):
- Width: 100% of content area
- Height: 90px fixed
- object-fit: cover
- object-position: center 20%
  (positions the crop toward the upper 
  portion of the image where the face 
  and expression live)
- border-radius: 0 0 10px 10px
- Add bottom fade overlay:
  position: absolute, bottom: 0, 
  width: 100%, height: 30px
  background: linear-gradient(
    to bottom, transparent, #08080f
  )

Mobile (768px width and below):
- Width: 100%
- Height: 64px fixed — no exceptions
- object-fit: cover
- object-position: center 15%
  (crops to show primarily the eyebrow, 
  smirk, and upper expression — 
  the most important part of the image)
- border-radius: 0 0 8px 8px
- Same bottom fade overlay

WHY 64px ON MOBILE:
At 64px the banner shows the goat's 
eyes, raised eyebrow, and smirk — 
the entire personality of the character 
in a slim strip. It reads as the goat 
peering over the top of the content 
watching the user work. This is more 
compelling than a taller image that 
eats the workspace.

REMOVE these elements the banner replaces:
- The floating circular GOATflow logo
- The tagline text beneath it
- The "Metabolize Your To-Do List." line

These are replaced by the banner's built-in 
GOATflow wordmark in the bottom right corner.

KEEP directly below the banner with 
reduced top margin of 8px:
- Stateless Processing badge
- THE TRACK SIEVE — DROP INTEL label
- File drop zone and text paste area
- Voice Drop Bray floating button 
  (unaffected — fixed position)
- Drop Into Churn Engine button

SPACING REDUCTION ON MOBILE:
To protect above-the-fold accessibility, 
apply these mobile-only spacing reductions:

Banner to Stateless badge gap: 8px
Stateless badge to Track Sieve label: 8px
Track Sieve label to input panels: 6px
Between input panels (file + text): 8px
Input panels to Churn Engine button: 8px
Churn Engine button height: 48px minimum

All padding inside the file drop zone 
and text paste area: 10px on mobile

ABOVE THE FOLD VERIFICATION:
After implementing, measure the total 
height of all elements from top of 
banner to bottom of Churn Engine button.

If total height exceeds 580px on mobile:
1. Reduce banner to 56px
2. Reduce input panel heights to 80px each
3. Reduce all gaps to 6px
Keep reducing until everything fits 
within 580px total — the Churn Engine 
button must be visible at 667px screen height 
with room for the bottom nav bar.

SCROLL INDICATOR:
Directly below the Churn Engine button 
add a subtle scroll hint so users know 
their stats and Tracks are below:

A thin centered row of three dots •••
Color: #4b5563
Font-size: 8px
Letter-spacing: 4px
Margin-top: 6px
Fades out after the user scrolls 
down for the first time (sessionStorage).

This communicates "there is more below" 
without taking meaningful vertical space.